.TH WHITEBOARDFS 4
.SH NAME
whiteboardfs, dryerase \- collaborative drawing file server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B whiteboardfs
[
.B -D
] [
.B -m
.I mntpnt
] [
.B -s
.I srvname
] [
.B -x
.I width
] [
.B -y
.I height
]
.PP
.B dryerase
[
.B -c
] [
.B -d
.I dir
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I Whiteboardfs
is a file server for collaborative drawing. It serves the following files:
.TF canvas.bit
.TP
.B canvas.bit
Reads will return an uncompressed image, like 
.BR /dev/screen .
This allows data races to not interrupt a 9p data stream, at the cost of greatly increased read latency. Writes must send a well-formed image within the size of the canvas. Writes may be compressed as specified in
.IR image (6).
Writes will be composited using SoverD. Unsuccessful writes will return Rerror and be discarded.
.TP
.B update
Reads will block. Whenever a write is successful, a single character is read.
.PD
.PP
.I Whiteboardfs
has the following options:
.TF "-s srvname"
.TP
.B -D
Turn on 9p debug output.
.TP
.BI -m " mntpnt"
Set the mount point for the remote filesystem. The default is 
.BR /mnt/whiteboard .
.TP
.BI -s " srvname"
Post the service as
.BI /srv/ srvname.
.TP
.BI -x " width"
Set the canvas image width. The default is 256.
.TP
.BI -y " height"
Set the canvas image height. The default is 256.
.PD
.PP
.I Dryerase
is a client for drawing on a whiteboardfs. Mouse 1 will draw black, mouse 3 will draw white. When a mouse button is released,
.I dryerase
will write the changes to the
.B canvas.bit
file.
The 
.B [
and
.B ]
keys will decrease and increase the pen size, respectively. The
.B Del
key will end the
.I dryerase
session.
.PP
Some diagnostic info is presented. When "reading..." is shown, the
.B canvas.bit
file is currently being read, and when completed, the shown image will update.
When "writing..." is shown,
.I dryerase
is writing changes to the
.B canvas.bit
file.
.PP
.I Dryerase
has a few options:
.TF "-d dir"
.TP
.B -c
Color. An instance of
.IR makeu (1)
will fork to a new window. Sending colors from
.I makeu
will replace the mouse 1 color.
.TP
.BI -d " dir"
Specify the path where whiteboardfs is mounted.
.SH SOURCE
.B https://bitbucket.org/amavect/whiteboardfs
.br
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR colors (1), 
.IR paint (1), 
.IR makeu (1)
.SH BUGS
.PP
While drawing is double-buffered in
.IR dryerase ,
continuing to draw while "writing..." is shown may result in lost mouse inputs.
